dear white people dating a black person
to piss off your parents is a form of
racism they're white people using
Instagram and go on hikes I guess please
stop touching my hair secretly just
wanna call us are white people
stop dancing sand whites what movement
needs to be cut down to size every year
we go party the whole point is to mock
the self-important and moronic entities
of the cameras we need to come up with
this year's theme can always do
east/west hip-hop party you're invited
oh my god I'm so sharing this to join us
for the hottest most epic and outrageous
party of the year we're gonna be any
racially fueled outburst of this thing
you never know right
Yolo Monica dudes must rock FUBU echo
Rocawear or Shawn Shawn triple XL is a
small size t-shirt you can wear hey my
brother's friends you're not going with
me
how about you thought I mean if you big
black this is kind of up
right ladies we need to see huge hoop
earrings long nails and cheap tight
clothes I want to see it without me you
guys look like a bunch of privileged
they are whiter than Michael
Jackson's kids join us for the party of
the year
if the honey's up in this piece and they
say come on
what's the plan we don't have an
intolerance problem here
[Music]
the waitlist is already on duty
look ya'll get country clubs we get to
say new to the fact that we can joke
about this proves we moved on obviously
right